All right!
This is perfect!
It all
starts tomorrow.
My first step to
becoming a pro
and I'm gonna win
the four duels I need
to qualify for the Junior
Arc League Championship
with this deck.
I just realized there's a way to
evolve the Pendulum method!
I won't lose to anybody.
Not even to him.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(barking)
Good morning, En.
(meowing)
Morning Core, Watt, Kilo...
Hey, where'd you two
come from?
Mom just can't
say no to strays.
(Sora)
Yuya.
Good morning.
And speaking
of strays...
You're certainly here
bright and early.
Well, you know
what they say.
Breakfast is the most
important meal of the day!
And it's especially important
for you today, Yuya.
You have your first
big duel this morning
and I have my first duels
today, just like you.
Your guy
Nico Smiley came through
and hooked me up
big time!
You mean you're dueling
today to try to get into
the Junior Arc League
Championship, too?
Yeah.
Since I only have to
win six matches in a row,
it'll be a breeze!
Yeah, a breeze.
Hey, Mom.
When's breakfast?
(Yoko)
Not for a while.
I'm making
Sunrise Pork Loaf Surprise
and the recipe's a little
complicated.
To tell you the truth, Mom,
I'd really rather you just made
something like pancakes.
Well, everybody's
raving about Reed Pepper
and I want to try one
of his recipes.
Mom it's a real important
day so please hurry up.
I'm cooking
as fast as I can!
I can't be late for
my first duel!
(clattering)
Now look what
you made me do.
♪
(stomach rumbling)
(groaning)
The one day I need
a good breakfast
and I wind
up starving.
Hey, that smells
great!
It's breakfast time!
What's this?
"Chairman Fava's
Flavor Factory?"
This is the address,
where the duel's supposed to be.
You've come to
the right place, Yuya.
Step right in.
It's‐‐ in here?
Hang on, you
sure about this?
Here we go!
(sizzling)
(bubbling)
I'm so hungry.
(Nico Smiley)
Allow me to introduce your
celebrity opponent for today,
the king of the kitchen,
Reed Pepper!
(cheering)
(Reed Pepper)
So you're
Yuya Sakaki.
Nice to meet you.
Reed Pepper is a fabulously
famous celebrity chef
who has a huge
following among those who wish
to introduce a dash of delish
into their dreary,
flavor‐free lives.
(stomach rumbling)
Sounds like you might
be a little hungry, Yuya.
Well, my breakfast did
get kind of messed up.
Plus, it's hard to resist all
the delicious smells in here!
Well, if you've got
a taste for competition,
I'll just have to whip
up a cooking duel
based on some of my fans'
all‐time favorite recipes.
(Matilda)
Chairman Fava!
Why are you treating
my son this way?
My Reed has already
fulfilled all the requirements
to enter the Junior Arc
League Championship!
Why does he have to
have another match?
Ma'am, I've explained all
this to you before...
(Reed)
Mom, it's fine.
I'm going to be up
against Yuya.
He's known as the duelist
who managed to beat
the Sledgehammer.
But it's
no big deal.
I'll have him for
breakfast.
Of course
you will, Reed.
For you, this should
be a piece of cake.
Show everybody you're
just as good as any duelist
that silly Leo Institute
ever turned out.
Leave it to me.
Time to shake
and bake!
(Tate)
Yuya!
What are you
guys doing here?
We're here to
cheer you on!
This duel's your first
step to becoming a pro.
We wouldn't miss that
for anything.
I get the goose pickles
just thinking about it!
(Nico Smiley)
Ladies and gentlemen,
get ready for the Main Course!
Now it's time to feast your
eyes on the challengers!
The Sultan of Pendulum
Summoning, Yuya Sakaki,
versus the Hotshot of
Cooking Duels,
Kitchen King Reed Pepper!
You can cook in
my kitchen anytime!
Sansho, are you
watching this?
You'd better be!
If I find out you were
prepping instead of
watching,
you're toast!
And now, may I
present Chairman Fava!
(cheering)
Cooking is a quest, a journey
to discover the ultimate.
It is
the same with dueling.
These two opponents
are on a quest.
For this reason it is fitting
that they battle on a field
designed for a
phenomenal food fight!
I activate the Action Field
Spell Chaos Kitchen!
(computer)
Augmented reality
combat system energized.
Generating Action Field.
This is... freaky.
(Reed)
It's perfect.
Because this is where you're
going to get served.
I couldn't care
less where we battle,
'cause you winning
isn't on the menu!
So now I'm going to whip you
like a bowl o' heavy cream!
It's a battle of
delicious delights
and mouthwatering
monsters!
Then let's get our cards out
and see who takes the cake!
(all)
Action...
Duel!
Freshness always rules
in the kitchen and in duels!
And that is why
I only go with the very freshest
ingredients available.
And the first
thing I'm serving up
is one of my very tastiest,
hand‐picked recipe cards:
Cookpal Cluckwheat!
Let's get
cooking!
(clucking)
I'll just grab
this Action Card!
An Action Card
already?
Whoa...
This one's hot.
Maybe too hot for
you to handle, Yuya.
I activate the Action Spell
Monster Microwave!
With Monster Microwave, I get to
send one monster on my field
to my hand so I can summon
one Level 4‐or‐below monster
from my hand!
So, I'm sending
Cluckwheat packing
so I can summon
Cookpal Eggong!
Now, Cluckwheat's special
ability activates
letting me
hatch it again!
And whenever I have at least
two Cookpals on my field,
I can whip up a pretty
wicked Cookpal Pumapotato!
(growling)
Tasty!
(whirling)
Oh, no!
Now I'll mix in
another Action Card.
Whoa, Reed's already got
three monsters out.
And don't forget
his Action Card!
I hate to say this,
but I have a feeling
Yuya's goose is about
to get cooked.
I place my two cards
facedown and end my turn.
Your young chef is certainly
off to a finger‐licking start.
That's because he's following
his proven recipe for success.
First, he prepares his
menu for the battle.
That's right.
And, believe me, this
is just the appetizer.
(beeping)
Now, it's my turn.
You mean your
turn to lose!
One down,
five to go.
Who's next?
Uh, it's over?
Now hear this!
(stomach grumbling)
(groaning)
(chuckling)
Hey!
Put some fire
in your belly!
(Reed)
Sounds like your belly
wants breakfast.
Too bad you have to
lose on an empty stomach.
What makes you so sure
I'm gonna be the loser?
I guess I'd have to say
it's just a gut feeling.
But you shouldn't feel too
badly about it, Yuya.
I'm the king
in this kitchen.
Let's see what happens when
I turn up the heat!
I summon Performapal
Whip Snake!
Let's swing
into action!
(gasping)
That's not good.
(groaning)
Hey...
That Action Card could turn
this duel upside down!
Say, that kid's
sure hanging in there.
That's because Yuya
happens to be the son
of the revered Action Duel
pioneer Yusho Sakaki.
Now I understand why you
think he has so much potential.
Okay!
Whip Snake
attack Eggong!
I activate the Action Spell
Freeze Freezer!
It puts all your monsters'
attacks on ice this turn.
Das ist chilly!
I'll fix that!
I activate
Battle Burner!
It defrosts one of my monsters
so that it can attack again.
Okay, Whip Snake,
attack!
Hooray!
And Battle Burner
does even more damage.
It destroys all your
other monsters!
That chef doesn't
even have leftovers!
Ich habe zee goose
pickles again!
Tough luck, Reed!
You can't cook without
ingredients, can you?
(laughing)
You're right,
Yuya.
But don't worry...
You just
did me a favor!
I activate the trap
Food Cemetery!
So now all my destroyed monsters
are placed in Food Cemetery
instead of
the graveyard!
♪
I guess that's better than
going to a garbage disposal.
Since I put three cards into
that culinary contraption,
I get to draw three
new Cookpals from my deck.
So thanks for destroying
my monsters, Yuya.
You saved me
a lot of work.
I could use an assistant
like you in my kitchen.
Now I've got three
new dishes on my menu!
Even his words
are tasty!
(Yuya)
I have a feeling
whatever this guy's cooking
is gonna be hard
to swallow...
You still
hungry, Yuya?
Well, believe me, you
won't be for long.
I draw!
It's my honor to present to you
a move so deliciously divine
your life points
won't know what hit them!
Amazing!
He's as good a duelist
as he is a chef!
Get ready cause I'm serving
up the spell Regal Recipes!
Since I have three cards
in my Food Cemetery,
I can summon three Royal
Cookpals in attack mode!
(Yuya)
I don't think I'm gonna
like the taste of this...
(Reed)
Dinner is served!
Knight Pasta,
Princess Pudding
and Prince Curry!
Hey, you guys...
Can you believe that Yuya
went to all that trouble
to get rid of
three monsters,
but Reed already
summoned three back!
They look...
...totally yummy!
I mean "crummy."
Totally crummy!
My Royal Cookpals are
the finest, premium quality,
Grade A ingredients a cooking
connoisseur could have.
And here's the best part:
Regal Recipes lets me keep
my Food Cemetery fully stocked
with fresh ingredients
to cook up more
delicious monsters.
What do I do now?
If I destroy his
monsters,
Reed's gonna summon more
monsters right away anyway!
Exactly!
It's a foolproof
recipe for victory!
Another Action Card!
Another?
Man, this keeps
getting worse!
While everything's
still hot,
I'll stir in Regal Recipes'
other tasty effect!
You're gonna take
300 points of damage
for every one of its
Royal Cookpals!
He summoned three Royal
Cookpals which means...
...which means
300 times three!
900 points!
Luckily for you,
we gladly accept all
major life points, Yuya!
I'll admit they
can dish it out,
but your monsters only have
300 attack points each.
They need more than that
to take down my Whip Snake!
That's true for now.
But I have a
simple technique
for making my Royal Cookpals
much stronger
so they yield a double
batch of attack points.
The proof is in
the Princess Pudding!
This monster's
special ability
doubles my Prince Curry's
attack points.
I love how that
boy makes his menu!
So do I!
Especially when it
includes a tasty dessert!
Princess Pudding
can't attack on the turn
this special ability
is activated.
Now I'm gonna toss in my
Knight Pasta's special ability!
Just like
Princess Pudding,
Knight Pasta doubles my Royal
Cookpals' attack points again!
Double Curry,
pasta and pudding!
Now this is the kind
of kids' meal
I could really
sink my tooths into!
Unfortunately, Knight Pasta
can't attack on the turn
that it uses
its special ability.
(whimpering)
Hey, cut it out!
I came here to watch a duel, not
to watch the two of you drool!
Can't you see Yuya
needs this win so bad,
he can almost
taste it?
(stomach grumbling)
Is your head
empty, too?
It certainly sounds
like my monster menu
has whetted your
appetite.
Well, I gotta
admit they look tasty.
But it's attack points
that matter here...
And your Prince Curry
still doesn't have enough
attack points to whip
my Whip Snake!
True...
But that could change.
What if...
I spice up
the Prince's potency?
I activate the Action Spell
Spicy Spice!
This lets me sprinkle
one monster
with an extra
thousand attack points.
Now, Prince Curry:
pour it on!
Let's cook!
Prince Curry, attack Whip Snake
with Curry Catastrophe!
(groaning)
What's the matter?
My Curry too spicy
for you, Yuya?
I'm going to end my
turn now, Yuya,
so Prince Curry's
attack points return to normal
and all the power up effects
come to an end also!
Have you had enough or are
you hungry for more, Yuya?
My turn!
And this is going to be
hard for you to swallow!
So far, you've been top
chef around here,
but now I'm the cook
who's gonna spoil your broth.
I'll use Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician
to set
the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control of this
duel starting now!
All right!
Yuya's really
cooking!
(Yuya)
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc
of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Jump to it Performapal
Trampolynx!
Get set to lend a
helping hand, Partnaga!
Turn up the heat Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
Party of
three, welcome!
I'm honored that
you've graced me
with your famous
Pendulum Summon,
even without
reservations.
You're not scared?
Of course not.
But you
should be.
Because, whenever you summon a
monster on to your field,
Princess Pudding, Knight Pasta
and Prince Curry's
additional special
abilities activate!
Ballistic Belly
Buster!
Hey, how come
only they get to eat?
I'm the one who's
starving here!
More!
Eat more!
Let my delectable monsters
stuff you full!
This is bad!
He's force feeding...
the monsters.
What a way to go!
I hope your monsters
enjoyed their meal, Yuya,
because it was
their last.
By returning Princess Pudding,
Knight Pasta And Prince Curry
to my hand,
I destroy one of your
monsters... for each card!
No way...
All my monsters
are gone!
I hope losing doesn't leave
a bad taste in your mouth!
(laughing)
♪